What are you doing?
No one has dared to appear on the True Dragon Treasure Platform for a hundred years
How dare you put your father's ashes on it
You boy, hurry up and get down for me
Yipin Baotai crane blasphemous gambling money future life
You have sinned so much
make a mistake
Dacey Wengdao died
Brother Dust, come down quickly
Your kindness
He's really out of our reach.
Su Xue, don't worry.
This world
No one is more qualified than me
Chu Chan is courting death yourself
Then don't blame us.
Gentlemen
This person has repeatedly offended Long Shuai Tianwei
I, the Feng family, swear here today
Never look back without this person
Hmph, I also swear here
I swear by the Xie family here
I swear by the Jing family here
Never look back without saying this
Is his head
Please don't put out the whole police Bishali again
He only boarded the Dragon Moutai in a moment of confusion
Please give him a chance.
Hmph, the old man has already given him a chance just now
It's because he doesn't cherish it.
He defiled the True Dragon Platform
Long Shuai will be angry
He will die today
Hahahahahaha
I didn't expect it. I didn't expect it.
It's only been a few short years
The four major families grow to the back of this hand
I wanted to open the door to heaven with my son today
No, this hall of ghosts will be so lovely
Unworthy
Born in Tianmen
What are you doing?
You are Tianmen
Today, Chu Chen has defiled the True Dragon Treasure Platform
If he were to touch the Heavenly Gate again
At that time, the dragon rate will be furious
It will be bloody
Volpi everywhere
Solve him before it's too late
Where are the knives of the four families?
It's a master knife
Tiejia Knife
Jinjia knife hand
Feng's knife hand smelly knife
Chu Chen, if you dare to touch the sky today
Our four families are united
I will definitely chop you into meat puree
My father fought on the front lines
Soldier horse life
It's not too much to be called a hero of the ages
In this world
Only this hall of heroic souls is worthy of you
Your time is up
Open the door to heaven